---
layout: news
title: Fink Roberts and Petrie - Past, Present and Future
date: 2021-04-02T16:00:04.226Z
newsItemImage: /static/images/news-2103-01-celebrating-frp.jpg
category: General
---
Reflection brings learning to life. It gives an opportunity to pause amidst the chaos, sort through observations and experiences, consider multiple possible interpretations, and create pathways to future learnings. Like so many, we are taking time in 2021 to reflect on our past, be grateful for the present, and excitedly anticipate what the future will hold. We are excited to share this with you, through the launch of our newly designed website!

FRP has an abundantly rich history for us to reflect upon. It all began over 75 years ago when Mr. George Fink was commissioned to design the Indiana State Fairgrounds Coliseum. Shortly after its completion in December of 1944, he and LeRoy Roberts formed a partnership to practice consulting structural engineering in Indianapolis. Mr. B. Russell Petrie joined the firm in 1952 and the partnership was renamed Fink, Roberts, & Petrie. The firm soon began to acquire a great reputation for quality structural designs.  Over the next four decades the firm broadened its practice to include civil designs.  These 40 plus years saw continuous growth and an increasing list of repeat clients including Indianapolis Motor speedway, Eli Lilly & Company, Indiana University, the city of Indianapolis and multiple local architectural firms.  FRP established itself as a highly respected consulting engineering firm. Successful completion of large projects such as the City-County Building in Indianapolis, the original phase of Indiana Convention Center, portions of the Indiana interstate highway system, and signature architectural projects such as Butler’s Clowes Hall cemented the firm’s accomplishments.

In the 1980’s and 90’s, the industry began to alter its traditional ways of project delivery. Fast-track construction, construction management, and design/build were new processes with more demanding schedules and delivery expectations.  FRP was early to adapt and earn respect for efficiently working with these new delivery methods, strengthening the company’s position for selection on complex and high-profile projects.  During these two decades, FRP continued to provide structural engineering for numerous large-scale, complex projects throughout central Indiana and the surrounding states for many repeat clients. Athletic facilities and stadiums were added to FRP’s growing portfolio, the most significant of which being the new Hoosier Dome for the new NFL football team in Indianapolis.

In 1998, Mr. Michael Natali became president of FRP, leading the firm into the next millennium with unprecedented success. Notable projects included the Indianapolis Airport Midfield Terminal and Concourses, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indiana State museum, multiple university classroom, laboratory and research buildings, dormitories, athletic and performing art centers, corporate headquarters, high rise hotels and more! FRP’s client list of nationally recognized architects continued to grow as the company’s engineering services were extended into a number of other states. FRP continued its dedication to serving our diverse base of clients, developing a large portfolio of project expertise in other markets such as parking garages, industrial facilities, warehouses, and water and wastewater projects. 

In the last decade Mr. Bill Horton took over as the fifth and current president of FRP. The concept of Building Information Modeling has taken hold. The tools and delivery methods have drastically changed the industry and FRP has shifted accordingly. FRP has returned to its roots, focusing solely on Structural Engineering. Retirements have moved the next generation into leadership roles.  The present, like our past, is full of projects crossing all sectors and engineered for all shapes, sizes, and materials. Today we stand committed to the production of quality, economical, and collaborative designs, continuing the legacy and principles that have built FRP. 

FRP has been blessed, and we are grateful for all of the dedicated service of past employees, and the support of our clients, friends and family.  We look forward to meeting our future challenges with the distinction FRP has earned, of servicing our clients with the highest professional and technical standards.
